Oh, I'll go.
Luckily my office is in the suburbs
Hey Mr. Gen
How is the purchase of gorgeous water?
Mr. Gen
There was an earthquake in the city today.
So I didn't.
Yes, I am not doing my best.
But I heard that
Gorgeous to attend next week at
Technology fair held by Haicheng Resort
I want to get the bonus to save Gorgeous
If we can defeat Gorgeous
They have no chance to turn around
Weather forecast, our phones are very nervous.
You bring to participate
If you are busy again this time
Forget about the cooperation of uncle
Hey, okay, okay, hey.
Fortunately, the situation at home is not too early
Yaoyao
Do a cleaning game with dad
Okay, okay?
Why is Qin Feng completely different from before?
What's the point of cleaning or not?
What happened to Mo Xue?
To save the gorgeous
I have mortgaged my house
If not for the earthquake
Bank door-to-door
I'm afraid the debt collectors would have kicked us out long ago
Mom, I don't want to be kicked out.
Yaoyao, don't worry.
As long as dad is there
No one can drive us away
Don't worry, classmate.
I will make one ASAP.
Cross-generational smartphones
Then he can wear gorgeous
Rise to the top of the entire tech world
How is that possible?
Phones are a shortcut to technology.
Even if you have a new idea
With gorgeous outdated equipment, it is even more impossible to achieve
Say
Now the gorgeous factory has also been destroyed
Don't worry about this.
I will contact the National Academy of Sciences as soon as possible
They will help
Breeze
The National Academy of Sciences is the highest level of scientific research in the country
Institutions don't talk about you and me
Even if you save money, it's a project worth tens of billions
It may not be able to invite the Academy of Sciences
Forget it, you should stay at home with Yaoyao
Forget about the company, dad brags
How could the National Academy of Sciences possibly care about you?
Humph the car and ignore me